README.md, before:

# 🚀 Gravity Launch Page Template

Gravity Launch Page Template is an interactive and visually appealing landing page built with **React + Vite**, featuring gravity and physics-based animations using **Matter.js** and **Framer Motion**. Designed to create a dynamic first impression, this project is great for product launches, portfolio showcases, or fun experiments with physics simulations!

## 🎥 Demo

![Gravity Launch Page Demo](demo.gif)  
[🔗 Live Demo](https://iscomposesnippetslaunchedyet.meticha.com)

## 🛠 Features

- 🌌 **Physics-based animations** with Matter.js
- 🎭 **Smooth UI animations** using Framer Motion
- 🎨 **Tailwind CSS** for styling
- 🎯 **Optimized performance** with Vite
- 🔍 **SEO & Analytics** with Google Tag Manager and Clarity
- 🎉 **Confetti effect** for celebrations

## 📦 Installation

Clone the repository and install dependencies:

```sh
git clone https://github.com/meticha/snippet-launch-page.git
cd gravity-launch-page-template
npm install
```

## 🚀 Running the Project

Start the development server:

```sh
npm run dev
```

Build for production:

```sh
npm run build
```

Preview the production build:

```sh
npm run preview
```

## 🛠 Usage & Customization

1. **Modify physics settings** in `src/components/gravity.js`.
2. **Customize animations** using Framer Motion in `src/components/`.
3. **Update styles** in `src/index.css` using Tailwind CSS.
4. **Add tracking codes** in `vite.config.js` using `vite-plugin-radar`.

## 🤝 Contributing

We welcome contributions! Follow these steps:

1. **Fork** the repository.
2. Create a new branch: `git checkout -b feature-name`
3. Make your changes and commit: `git commit -m 'Add feature'`
4. Push to the branch: `git push origin feature-name`
5. Open a **Pull Request**

## 📜 License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

## ⭐ Support

If you like this project, consider giving it a **star ⭐** on GitHub! Have any suggestions? Open an issue or connect with me on [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/darshitdudhaiya).

Commit message:

update README.md and constants.js

README.md, after:

# 🚀 Gravity Launch Page Template

Gravity Launch Page Template is an interactive and visually appealing landing page built with **React + Vite**, featuring gravity and physics-based animations using **Matter.js** and **Framer Motion**. Designed to create a dynamic first impression, this project is great for product launches, portfolio showcases, or fun experiments with physics simulations!

## 🎥 Demo

![Gravity Launch Page Demo](demo.gif)  
[🔗 Live Demo](https://iscomposesnippetslaunchedyet.meticha.com)

## 🛠 Features

- 🌌 **Physics-based animations** with Matter.js
- 🎭 **Smooth UI animations** using Framer Motion
- 🎨 **Tailwind CSS** for styling
- 🎯 **Optimized performance** with Vite
- 🔍 **SEO & Analytics** with Google Tag Manager and Clarity
- 🎉 **Confetti effect** for celebrations

## 📦 Installation

Clone the repository and install dependencies:

```sh
git clone https://github.com/meticha/gravity-launch-page-template.git
cd gravity-launch-page-template
npm install
```

## 🚀 Running the Project

Start the development server:

```sh
npm run dev
```

Build for production:

```sh
npm run build
```

Preview the production build:

```sh
npm run preview
```

## 🛠 Usage & Customization

Make the Gravity Launch Page your own by modifying these key elements:

1. **Update text content and constants**  
   - Edit `src/constants.js` to change flying objects.

2. **Modify background text**  
   - Customize `src/components/BackgroundText.jsx` to update the background text appearing on the page.

3. **Customize floating action buttons**  
   - Edit `src/components/FloatingLabel.jsx` to modify the details of the two floating action buttons.

4. **Adjust physics settings**  
   - Modify `src/components/Gravity.js` to tweak Matter.js physics effects.

5. **Change animations**  
   - Use Framer Motion in `src/components/` to customize animation effects.

6. **Update styles**  
   - Modify `src/index.css` using Tailwind CSS to personalize the design.

7. **Integrate tracking or analytics**  
   - Add tracking codes in `vite.config.js` using `vite-plugin-radar`.

## 🤝 Contributing

We welcome contributions! Follow these steps:

1. **Fork** the repository.
2. Create a new branch: `git checkout -b feature-name`
3. Make your changes and commit: `git commit -m 'Add feature'`
4. Push to the branch: `git push origin feature-name`
5. Open a **Pull Request**

## 📜 License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

## ⭐ Support

If you like this project, consider giving it a **star ⭐** on GitHub! Have any suggestions? Open an issue or connect with me on [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/darshitdudhaiya).
